# Touch_com_asd
 analysis scripts and data for study Touch communication in ASD

## Scripts
*


## Data files

* Data/primary
These are almost raw data files, with minimal processing to remove invalid data and to remove potentially identifying personal information.

* "online_valid-anon-data.csv" : data were extracted from qualtrics, and minimally processed with "0_online_validate-and-anonymise.R" to remove invalid responses (e.g. spam, met exclusion criteria). An explanation of the variables can be found in "/Data/reports/online_qualtrics-variable-names.csv"


## Data/processed
These are processed data files that have been given more useful names and labels, and have been reorganised to facilitate analysis.

* "online_comm-data.csv" : data from the online survey relating to the communication task. Participants watched videos of standardized touch expressions and tried to guess what the toucher was trying to communicate. There is one row for each video + response, making 6 rows per participant.
  + PID: text. Unique participant ID generated by qualtrics.
  + group: text, "Control" or "ASD". Indicates which group the participant belongs to.
  + task: text, "forced choice" or "free text". Indicates which task condition the participant was randomly assigned to.
  + tiral: integer, 1-6. Indicates the trial order, the order in which the videos were presented to each participant.
  + cued: text, "attention", "happiness", "love", "calming", "sadness" or "gratitude". Indicates which standardized touch expression video was displayed.
  + response: text. When task is "forced choice", this variable can take the values "attention", "happiness", "love", "calming", "sadness", "gratitude" or "other". When task is "free text" it can take any value. 
